Hey what's going on again man? I just finished playing with the website and went through everything that had a little flaw. And I will pay you $25 if you can handle this little situation. 

1. Can you find a way to add free credits to user accounts from the administrator account? 

Also there should be a free V.I.P. option to let the administrator let certain users use the radio station for free without ever paying. 

The administrator should never have to pay for the radio station. 

2. When you log in from the main page planetqradio.com it will bring you straight to the Q World Studio page right now at planetqradio.com/aistudio. 
It should bring you back to the main page after you login. 

3. In the Q World Studios page Quayla should tell you how to manually use the generators on your own or she should tell you she can arrange a song for you. 

She should also tell you that after your song is finished it will be in your personalized audio player 

Also can you put the 3D background there on that page also? 

4. Quayla still repeats herself on the main page she only need to talk once and complete her sentence before you give her commands. 

Also can you make her microphone a little smaller? The microphone is too big and can you change the microphone color back to the turquoise green color you had on there the first time? 

5. On the Radio Station Player, Can you change the word Chatbot to the word Quayla in cursive writing like on the main
page? 

6. On the planetqradio.com/chat 
page, it should automatically tell you that you have no credits if you try to use the chat but the way it's set up now, if you have no credits and press the start assistance it will tell you something went wrong we're having trouble processing your request and then it has a contact support option. But when you press the contact support option it gives you an error can you link that contact support to the planetproductions@yahoo.com email please. 

7. The music player icon with the music notes on the menu bar should not be visible for regular users. It should only be available for the administrator account 

8. In the Planet Q Store planetqradio.com/productions/album if you clicked the planet Q icon to bring you back to the main page it does not bring you to the main page at planetqradio.com
The same for the radio station page where you have to buy credits before entering the page.

9. Please put a menu credit bar on planetqradio.com/studio-main 
And can you make that chatbot the same size as the other chatbots. Right now she is too big 

also a menu credit bar in the planet q store planetqradio.com/productions/album